Add MLflow Tracking Quickstart (#10285)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/getting-started/index.rst

step-by-step through fundamental concepts, focusing purely on a task that will maximize your understanding of 
how to use MLflow to solve a particular task. 

`5-minute Quickstart - MLflow Tracking <intro-quickstart/index.html>`_
----------------------------------------------------------------------

> In this brief introductory quickstart on MLflow Tracking, you will learn how to log, register, and load a model for inference. In the process of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this brief introductory quickstart on MLflow Tracking, you will learn how to log training stats (loss, accuracy, etc), then register your model on MLflow server, and finally load the registered model for inference. In the process of 
```

Author: Changed to a bullet list to simplify the long sentence

learning these key concepts, you will be exposed to the MLflow fluent API, the MLflow Tracking UI, and see how to add metadata associated with 
a model training event to an MLflow run.

You'll be exposed to the most common patterns for using MLflow core features, forming a foundation for the other tutorials and guides in this 
section.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    intro-quickstart/index

If you would like to get started immediately by interactively running the notebook, you can:

.. raw:: html

    <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mlflow/mlflow/master/docs/source/getting-started/intro-quickstart/notebooks/tracking_quickstart.ipynb" class="notebook-download-btn">
        <i class="fas fa-download"></i>Download the Notebook</a><br>

Quickstart elements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can read through the quickstart directly as a guide, or navigate directly to the notebook example to get started. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read through the quickstart as a guide, or navigate directly to the notebook example to get started. 
```

Minor nit: avoid double directly.

Author: good catch
